Building the complete picture your team is like a puzzle to see the full
picture. You need to put the right pieces in place before your first meeting.
Let's get you ready with a quick checklist. Your pre-meeting action checklist
mini tasks. Imagine you're about to meet your new team, which Step do you
take first try to order these in your mind, one consult talk to the
previous leader, why to get the historical context, like finding out the story
behind a puzzle piece. What were the teams passed wins? Any challenges to
research. Check. Workday, why look for past goals and performance reviews. This
is like looking at the picture on the puzzle box to see what the
Finnish team should look like 3 review, go over any onboarding info. Why this
helps you understand where each team members starting from like, knowing the
shape and color of each puzzle piece? Think about a time, you started something
new, what information helped you feel prepared? Now apply that to meeting your
team.